Docs/template docs (#661)
spatialos/UnrealGDK: SpatialGDK/Documentation/content/get-started/gdk-template.md

### Clone the GDK

Now you need to clone the SpatialOS GDK for Unreal into your project. To do this: 

1. In **File Explorer**, navigate to the `<Game>` directory and create a `Plugins` folder in this directory.
2. In a Git Bash terminal window, navigate to `<Game>\Plugins` and clone the [GDK for Unreal](https://github.com/spatialos/UnrealGDK) repository by running either:
    * (HTTPS) `git clone https://github.com/spatialos/UnrealGDK.git`
    * (SSH) `git clone git@github.com:spatialos/UnrealGDK.git`

**Note:** You need to ensure that the root directory of the GDK for Unreal repository is called `UnrealGDK` so the file path is: `<Game>\Plugins\UnrealGDK\...`

### Build the dependencies 

To use the Starter Template, you must build the GDK for Unreal module dependencies and then add the GDK to your project. To do this: 

1. Open **File Explorer**, navigate to the root directory of the GDK for Unreal repository (`<Game>\Plugins\UnrealGDK\...`), and double-click **`Setup.bat`**. If you haven't already signed into your SpatialOS account, the SpatialOS developer website may prompt you to sign in.

> 1. In **File Explorer**, navigate to your <Game> directory and double-click **`<YourProject>`.sln** to open it with Visual Studio.

Reviewer: I believe @m-samiec mentioned that before we build the project, we need to regenerate the project files since we have run the 'Setup.bat' script and altered the project file structure. To do this we would need to right click on the <YourProject>.uproject and click 'Generate Visual Studio Project files'. Also, Visual studio is automatically opened after the project is created, we may need to specify to the user to close visual studio before running 'Setup.bat' and regenerating visual studio project files?

Author: Feels like we're definitely missing a step somewhere here. We probably need to tell users to close VS as part of the `Create a new project` step, but we also need to tell them why VS has opened in the first place. When closing VS I get prompted to save my changes, presumably I have to save the changes for the rest of the setup to work. We need to make this clear.

Reviewer 2: Yes running `Generate Visual Studio Project files` is highly recommended as otherwise the VS solution won't contain the new plugin files.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Open **File Explorer**, navigate to the root directory of the GDK for Unreal repository (`<Game>\Plugins\UnrealGDK\...`), and double-click **`Setup.bat`**. If you haven't already signed into your SpatialOS account, the SpatialOS developer website may prompt you to sign in. 
1. In **File Explorer**, navigate to your `<Game>` directory, right-click `<YourProject>`.uproject and select Generate Visual Studio Project files.
1. In the same directory, double-click **`<YourProject>`.sln** to open it with Visual Studio.
1. In the Solution Explorer window, right-click on **`<YourProject>`** and select **Build**.
1. When Visual Studio has finished building your project, right-click on **`<YourProject>`** and select **Set as StartUp Project**.
1. Press F5 on your keyboard or select **Local Windows Debugger** in the Visual Studio toolbar to open your project in the Unreal Editor.<br/>
```
New text.

Reviewer: <3

1. Open **`<YourProject>`.uproject** in the Unreal Editor. 
1. On the GDK for Unreal toolbar, select [**Schema**](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/shared/glossary) to generate schema.<br/>
![Toolbar]({{assetRoot}}assets/screen-grabs/toolbar/schema-button.png)<br/>
_Image: On the GDK toolbar in the Unreal Editor select **Schema**_<br/>
1. Select [**Snapshot**]({{urlRoot}}/content/generating-a-snapshot) to generate a snapshot.<br/>
![Toolbar]({{assetRoot}}assets/screen-grabs/toolbar/snapshot-button.png)<br/>
_Image: On the GDK toolbar in the Unreal Editor select **Snapshot**_<br/>

### Deploy your project 

#### Deploy locally

1. In the Unreal Editor, on the SpatialOS GDK toolbar, select **Start**. This opens a terminal window and starts a local SpatialOS deployment. Wait until you see the output `SpatialOS ready. Access the inspector at http://localhost:21000/inspector` in your terminal window.<br/>
![Toolbar]({{assetRoot}}assets/set-up-template/template-start.png)<br/>
_Image: On the GDK toolbar in the Unreal Editor select **Start**_<br/>
1. On the Unreal Editor toolbar, open the **Play** drop-down menu.

> 1. Under **Multiplayer Options**, set the number of players to **2** and check the box next to **Run Dedicated Server**. Then, under **Modes**, select **New Editor Window (PIE)**.<br/>

Reviewer 2: Run Dedicated Server is set to true by default for GDK projects. Perhaps just tell them to confirm it's set?

Also, should this heading be updated to *Deploy locally with multiple clients* ? As there's no obligation for them when testing locally to run two clients.

Author: Updated the heading per your suggestion. Thanks <3

2. In File Explorer, navigate to the `<YourProject>/spatial` directory and open the `spatialos.json` file in a text editor of your choice.
3. Replace the `name` field with the project name shown in the Console. This tells SpatialOS which SpatialOS project you intend to upload to.

##### Step 2: Build your worker assemblies

An assembly is what’s created when you run `BuildWorker.bat`. Assemblies are `.zip` files that contain all the files that your game uses when running in the cloud.

**Note:** In the following commands, you must replace **`YourProject`** with the name of your project.
 
1. In a terminal window, navigate to your `<ProjectRoot>` directory.
1. Build a server-worker assembly by running the following command: `Game\Plugins\UnrealGDK\SpatialGDK\Build\Scripts\BuildWorker.bat YourProject Linux Development YourProject.uproject`
1. Build a client-worker assembly by running the following command: `Game\Plugins\UnrealGDK\SpatialGDK\Build\Scripts\BuildWorker.bat YourProject Win64 Development YourProject.uproject`

### Upload your game

1. In a terminal window, navigate to your `<ProjectRoot>\spatial\` directory and run the following command:<br/>

> `spatial cloud upload <assembly_name>`<br/>Where `<assembly_name>` is a name of your choice (for example `myassembly`). A valid upload command looks like this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`spatial cloud upload <assembly_name>`<br/>where `<assembly_name>` is a name of your choice (for example `myassembly`). A valid upload command looks like this:
```

> `spatial cloud upload <assembly_name>`<br/>Where `<assembly_name>` is a name of your choice (for example `myassembly`). A valid upload command looks like this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`spatial cloud upload <assembly_name>`<br/>where `<assembly_name>` is a name of your choice (for example `myassembly`). A valid upload command looks like this:
```

Author: Good catch. Thanks <3

> # Next steps: Set up the SpatialOS GDK Starter template

Reviewer 3: Capitalisation is inconsistent within the doc - what is the proper noun?
Maybe`the GDK Starter template project` initially and call it the proper noun `GDK Starter template` thereafter and in all the other docs?? I kind of want "template" to be a proper noun too (we went for "tutorial" for the other project, I know). 
It's not a biggee but needs to be consistent

Author: Perhaps we should go with `SpatialOS GDK Starter Template' initially and then Starter Template thereafter?

Reviewer 3: Sounds good.

> Before setting up the SpatialOS GDK Starter template, you need to have followed:

Reviewer 3: Comment about consistent title.

* [Getting started: 1 - Dependencies]({{urlRoot}}/content/get-started/dependencies)
* [Getting started: 2 - Get and build the SpatialOS Unreal Engine Fork]({{urlRoot}}/content/get-started/tutorial).

If you haven't already, follow our [Multiserver Shooter tutorial]({{urlRoot}}/content/get-started/dependencies) to try out the SpatialOS for Unreal GDK development experience by adding a new feature to a project and testing it across two servers.

If you are ready to start developing your own game with the GDK, follow the steps below. 

### Terms used on this page

* `<Game>` - The directory that contains your project’s .uproject file and Source folder.
* `<ProjectRoot>` - The directory that contains your `<Game>` directory.
* `<YourProject>` - The name of your project and .uproject file (for example, `\<Game>\YourProject.uproject`).

> ### Create a new project using the starter template

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Create a new project using the Starter template
```
We need to standardise on the capitalisation.

After [building the Unreal Engine fork]({{urlRoot}}/content/get-started/build-unreal-fork), in **File Explorer**, navigate to `UnrealEngine\Engine\Binaries\Win64`and double-click UE4Editor.exe to open the Unreal Editor. 

> In the [Project Browser](https://docs.unrealengine.com/en-us/Engine/Basics/Projects/Browser) window, click the New Project tab and select the C++ tab, then select the **SpatialOS GDK Starter** template. Choose a suitable directory and name for your project, then click **Create Project**. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. In the [Project Browser](https://docs.unrealengine.com/en-us/Engine/Basics/Projects/Browser) window, select the **New Project** tab and then the **C++ tab**. 
2. In this tab, select **SpatialOS GDK Starter** template. Enter a directory name project name of your choice <where to do do this?>, and select **Create Project**. 

Have suggested the MMoS standard 'select' and assuming the text in bold is on the UI?
Have suggested using two steps to break this set of instructions up.
Assume our user makes up their directory and file name? - we should be explicit with this, I think.

```

Author: ```suggestion
1. In the [Project Browser](https://docs.unrealengine.com/en-us/Engine/Basics/Projects/Browser) window, select the **New Project** tab and then the **C++ tab**. 
2. In this tab, select **SpatialOS GDK Starter** template. Enter a directory name and project name of your choice, and select **Create Project**.
```
I think the screenshot highlights the user-defined sections well enough and given that we're aiming the docs at user's familiar with Unreal we shouldn't have to hand-hold them quite that much with the basics. 

We could have steps that walk users through choosing a directory and name but I think that might make this section a bit unwieldy. 

Good catch on the MMoS standard for select. I thought I caught them all! I'll go through and fix any "clicks".

Reviewer 3: >I think the screenshot highlights the user-defined sections well enough and given that we're >aiming the docs at users familiar with Unreal we shouldn't have to hand-hold them quite that > much with the basics.
I can't see it. Have you got a screen grab or anything on testing or staging to see the context?
Thinking that we have a standard of **bold** to make it clear when we are referring to text in the UI?
Also thinking that we direct non-Unreal users who might BYO engine to the GDK for Unreal as a way to get to use SpatialOS. So we want to make these early steps as pain free.

>We could have steps that walk users through choosing a directory and name but I think that might make this section a bit unwieldy.

Thinking more `In the **UI title whatever it is** field, enter a directory name and project name of your choice...`

Also wondering if it should be a new directory and a new project name? This isn't clear. As we are using the Starter template, it might seem that I have to enter an existing one?

Reviewer 3: Also, just realised you create a project name and Unreal creates the directory to contain it with a matching name, so saying "enter a project name of your choice" is probably clearer, especially as there is an explanation below.

Author: ```suggestion
1. In the [Project Browser](https://docs.unrealengine.com/en-us/Engine/Basics/Projects/Browser) window, select the **New Project** tab and then the **C++ tab**. 
2. In this tab, select **SpatialOS GDK Starter** template. Enter a project name of your choice and select a directory for your project to be stored in, this directory will become your <ProjectRoot>. 
3. Select **Create Project**.
```

?

Author: ```Suggestion
1. In the [Project Browser](https://docs.unrealengine.com/en-us/Engine/Basics/Projects/Browser) window, select the **New Project** tab and then the **C++ tab**. 
2. In this tab, select **SpatialOS GDK Starter**. 
3. In the **Folder** field, choose a suitable directory for your project.
4. In the **Name** field, enter a project name of your choice.
5. Select **Create Project**.
```

Gone with this.

> >Note: When you create a project, the Unreal Engine automatically creates a directory named after the project name you entered. This page uses `YourProject` as an example project name.

Reviewer 3: I GOT TO HERE

> ![The Unreal Engine Project Browser]({{assetRoot}}assets/set-up-template/template-project-browser.png)

Reviewer: In this screenshot, the Project name is 'YourProject' and the folder is 'C:\Unreal Projects\SpatialOS\YourProject'. 
As mentioned in the above note, when the project is generated, the engine creates a directory named after the project name you entered. In the example screenshot, the generated project will be located in 'C:\Unreal Projects\SpatialOS\YourProject\YourProject\'. Can we redo the screenshot with the 'Folder' path not containing the project name 'YourProject'?

Author: Edited the screenshot: 
![template-project-browser](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24454135/52710756-0a842180-2f88-11e9-9721-161d11982c54.png)

> *Image: The Unreal Engine Project Browser, with the project file path and project name highlighted.*

Reviewer 3: <3

> After clicking **Create Project**, the Unreal Engine generates the necessary project files before closing the editor and automatically opening Visual Studio. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
After you have selected **Create Project**, the Unreal Engine generates the necessary project files and directory and then closes the Editor and automatically opening Visual Studio. 
```
Suggest putting it into active voice, simple, and made it clear who does the selecting.

Author: ```suggestion
After you have selected **Create Project**, the Unreal Engine generates the necessary project files and directories, it then closes the Editor and automatically opens Visual Studio.```

This is a bit of a weird one because _techincally_ the Editor isn't closing itself. Jo's script is closing the editor. But I'm not sure we need to write `The magic script did it` in the docs, as it isn't really relevant.

Reviewer 3: In the situation where we have something automatically happening, I tend to phase in the passive voice (yes, I know...) but add the word "automatically".

In this case, we could do some word yoga...

After you have selected **Create Project**, the Unreal Engine generates the necessary project files and directories. The Editor then automatically closes and opens Visual Studio.

### Clone the GDK

Now you need to clone the SpatialOS GDK for Unreal into your project.

> 1. In **File Explorer**, Navigate to the `<Game>` directory and create a `Plugins` folder in this directory.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. In **File Explorer**, navigate to the `<Game>` directory and create a `Plugins` folder in this directory.
```

2. In a Git Bash terminal window, navigate to `<Game>\Plugins` and clone the [GDK for Unreal](https://github.com/spatialos/UnrealGDK) repository by running either:
    * (HTTPS) `git clone https://github.com/spatialos/UnrealGDK.git`
    * (SSH) `git clone git@github.com:spatialos/UnrealGDK.git`

> >**Note** You need to ensure that the root directory of the GDK for Unreal repository is called `UnrealGDK` so the file path is: `<Game>\Plugins\UnrealGDK\...`

Author: Fixed. I did a callout cull.

### Build the dependencies 

> To use the starter template, you must build the GDK for Unreal module dependencies and add the GDK to your project. 

Author: Standardised to `Starter Template`

> 1. Open **File Explorer**, navigate to the root directory of the GDK for Unreal repository, and double-click **`Setup.bat`**. You may be prompted to sign into your SpatialOS account if you have not already.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Open **File Explorer**, navigate to the root directory of the GDK for Unreal repository, and double-click **`Setup.bat`**. If you haven't already signed into your SpatialOS account, the SpatialOS developer website may prompt you to sign in.
```
Active voice?

Author: Suggestions applied, thanks :D

> 1. In the same directory, double-click **`<YourProject>`.sln** to open it with Visual Studio.

Reviewer: The '<YourProject>.sln' file isn't in the same directory as the as the 'Setup.bat' script for the GDK. The user will need to go back up 2 directories to the 'Game' directory to get to the .sln file

Author: Fixed in latest commit <3

> 1. In the Solution Explorer window, right-click on **`<YourProject>`** and select **Build**.

Reviewer: I believe @m-samiec mentioned that before we build the project, we need to regenerate the project files since we have run the 'Setup.bat' script and altered the project file structure. To do this we would need to right click on the <YourProject>.uproject and click 'Generate Visual Studio Project files'. I'm not sure if we need to close visual studio before doing this. @m-samiec can you please confirm?

> 1. Open **`<YourProject>`.uproject** in the Unreal Editor. 

Reviewer: Do we want to specify here that the user can either open the project via the .uproject file or run the project from inside visual studio? What do the other tutorial pages specify for this?

Author: The other tutorial (multiserver shooter)  just says `1. Open **`<YourProject>`.uproject** in the Unreal Editor.`

Do we want to point users to a specific way of opening their project? If it doesn't really matter how they open their project then we can leave it up to them to decide.

Reviewer 2: In my experience, as it's a C++ project, you'd generally want to run it from within Visual Studio.

Author: Righto. How do you go about doing that? I've honestly got no clue.

Reviewer 2: You would - 
1. `right-click on **`<YourProject>`** and select **Set as Startup Project*
2. Press F5 or push the **Local Windows Debugger** button in the toolbar.

> 1. Select the [**Schema**](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/shared/glossary) GDK for Unreal Toolbar button to generate schema 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. On the GDK for Unreal Toolbar, select [**Schema**](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/shared/glossary).
```
Suggest: orient the user first, if pos. And use the on-screen options as proper nouns.

Author: Fixed. Ty.

    
    ![Toolbar]({{assetRoot}}assets/screen-grabs/toolbar/schema-button.png)<br/>

>     _Image: On the GDK toolbar in the Unreal Editor select the **Schema** button_<br/>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    _Image: On the GDK toolbar in the Unreal Editor select **Schema**_<br/>
```

Author: Fixed, thanks :D

> 1. Select the [**Snapshot**]({{urlRoot}}/content/generating-a-snapshot) toolbar button to generate a snapshot.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Select [**Snapshot**]({{urlRoot}}/content/generating-a-snapshot) to generate a snapshot.
```

Author: Fixed (and all other instances of this similar suggestion). Ta very much!

    ![Toolbar]({{assetRoot}}assets/screen-grabs/toolbar/snapshot-button.png)<br/>
    

>     _Image: On the GDK toolbar in the Unreal Editor select the **Snapshot** button_

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    _Image: On the GDK toolbar in the Unreal Editor select **Snapshot**_
```

### Deploy your project 

#### Deploy locally

1. In the Unreal Editor, on the SpatialOS GDK toolbar, select **Start**. This opens a terminal window and starts a local SpatialOS deployment. Wait until you see the output `SpatialOS ready. Access the inspector at http://localhost:21000/inspector` in your terminal window.<br/>
![Toolbar]({{assetRoot}}assets/set-up-template/template-start.png)<br/>

> _Image: On the GDK toolbar in the Unreal Editor select the **Start** button_<br/>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
_Image: On the GDK toolbar in the Unreal Editor select **Start**_<br/>
```

1. On the Unreal Editor toolbar, open the **Play** drop-down menu.

> 1. Under **Multiplayer Options**, set the number of players to **2** and check the box next to **Run Dedicated Server**. Then, under Modes, select **New Editor Window (PIE)**.<br/>

Reviewer 3: Should "Modes" be bolded? I can't tell? Probably yes as we have 'Multiplayer Options' bold?

Author: It should and now is. Also edited the screenshot to better highlight the **New Editor Window (PIE)** option.

![]({{assetRoot}}assets/set-up-template/template-multiplayer-options.png)<br/>
_Image: The Unreal Engine **Play** drop-down menu, with Multiplayer Options highlighted._    <br/>
1. On the Unreal Engine toolbar, select **Play** to run the game.<br/>

> 1. When you're done, select the **Stop** button in the SpatialOS section of the toolbar to stop your local SpatialOS deployment.<br/>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. When you're done, select **Stop** in the SpatialOS section of the toolbar to stop your local SpatialOS deployment.<br/>
```

![Toolbar]({{assetRoot}}assets/set-up-template/template-stop.png)<br/>

> _Image: On the GDK toolbar in the Unreal Editor select the **Stop** button_<br/>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
_Image: On the GDK toolbar in the Unreal Editor select **Stop**_<br/>
```

> If you want to run multiple server-workers in the editor, see the [Toolbar documentation]({{urlRoot}}/content/toolbars#launching-multiple-pie-server-workers) regarding launching multiple PIE server-workers

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you want to run multiple server-workers in the Editor, see the [Toolbar documentation]({{urlRoot}}/content/toolbars#launching-multiple-pie-server-workers) for details on launching multiple PIE server-workers.
```

Author: Suggestion accepted. Ty.

#### Deploy in the cloud

To run a cloud deployment, you need to prepare your server-worker and client-worker [assemblies](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/shared/glossary), and upload them to the cloud.        

> > Building the assemblies can take a while - we recommend installing <a href="https://www.incredibuild.com/" data-track-link="Incredibuild|product=Docs|platform=Win|label=Win" target="_blank">IncrediBuild</a> to speed up build times.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> **TIP:** Building the assemblies can take a while - we recommend installing <a href="https://www.incredibuild.com/" data-track-link="Incredibuild|product=Docs|platform=Win|label=Win" target="_blank">IncrediBuild</a> to speed up build times.
```

Author: Suggestion added. Thanks

##### Step 1: Set up your SpatialOS project name. 
When you signed up for SpatialOS, your account was automatically associated with an organisation and a project, both of which have the same generated name.

1. Find this name by going to the [Console (SpatialOS Documentation)](https://console.improbable.io). 

> The name should look something like beta_randomword_anotherword_randomnumber. In the example below, it’s beta_yankee_hawaii_621. <br/>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The name should look something like `beta_randomword_anotherword_randomnumber`. In the example below, it’s `beta_yankee_hawaii_621`. <br/>
```

Author: Suggestion accepted and applied. Thanks.

Author: Worth noting that this line was lifted from another page. I'm pretty sure its replicated across the Unreal and Unity docs so I'll need to go update the styling to match. 
Later... I'll do that later.

![Toolbar]({{assetRoot}}assets/set-up-template/template-project-page.png)<br/>_Image: The SpatialOS Console with a project name highlighted._
2. In File Explorer, navigate to the `<YourProject>/spatial` directory and open the `spatialos.json` file in a text editor of your choice.
3. Replace the `name` field with the project name shown in the Console. This tells SpatialOS which SpatialOS project you intend to upload to.

##### Step 2: Build your worker assemblies

> An assembly is what’s created when you run `BuildWorker.bat`. Assemblies are .zip files that contain all the files that your game uses when running in the cloud.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
An assembly is what’s created when you run `BuildWorker.bat`. Assemblies are `.zip` files that contain all the files that your game uses when running in the cloud.
```

Author: Accepted, thanks.

> > Note: In the following commands, you must replace **`YourProject`** with the name of your project. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 **Note:** In the following commands, you must replace **`YourProject`** with the name of your project. 
```
Suggest keeping this as part of the flow as it's important. (Also saving the grey call-outs for tips!??!).

Author: Another victim of the callout cull. Cheers.

1. Build a client-worker assembly by running the following command: `Game\Plugins\UnrealGDK\SpatialGDK\Build\Scripts\BuildWorker.bat YourProject Win64 Development YourProject.uproject`

### Upload your game

1. In a terminal window, navigate to your `<ProjectRoot>\spatial\` directory and run the following command:<br/>
`spatial cloud upload <assembly_name>`<br/>Where `<assembly_name>` is a name of your choice (for example `myassembly`). A valid upload command looks like this:

```
spatial cloud upload myassembly
```

### Launch a cloud deployment

The next step is to launch a cloud deployment using the assembly that you just uploaded. You can only do this through the SpatialOS command-line interface (also known as the [`spatial` CLI]({{urlRoot}}/content/glossary#spatial-command-line-tool-cli).

When launching a cloud deployment you must provide three parameters:

* **the assembly name**, which identifies the worker assemblies to use.
* **a launch configuration**, which declares the world and load balancing configuration.

> * **a name for your deployment**, which is used to label the deployment in the [Console](https://console.improbable.io).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* **a name for your deployment**, which labels the deployment in the [Console](https://console.improbable.io).
```

Author: Woo active voice. Ty.

<br/>where `assembly_name` is the name you gave the assembly in the previous step and `deployment_name` is a name of your choice. A valid launch command would look like this:

```
spatial cloud launch --snapshot=snapshots/default.snapshot myassembly two_worker_test.json mydeployment
```

> **Note:** This command defaults to deploying to clusters located in the US. If you’re in Europe, add the `--cluster_region=eu` flag for lower latency.

### Play your game

![]({{assetRoot}}assets/tutorial/console.png)
_Image: The SpatialOS Console_

When your deployment has launched, SpatialOS automatically opens the [Console](https://console.improbable.io) in your browser.

In the Console, Select the **Launch** button on the left of the page, and then click the **Launch** button that appears in the centre of the page to open the SpatialOS Launcher. The Launcher automatically downloads the game client for this deployment and runs it on your local machine.<br/>
![]({{assetRoot}}assets/tutorial/launch.png)<br/>
_Image: The SpatialOS console launch window_

> > Note: You install the SpatialOS Launcher during [Getting started: 1 - Dependencies]({{urlRoot}}/content/get-started/dependencies).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**Note:** You install the SpatialOS Launcher during [Getting started: 1 - Dependencies]({{urlRoot}}/content/get-started/dependencies).
```
Get rid of the call-out boxes.

Author: culled.

# Next steps: Set up the SpatialOS GDK Starter Template

Before setting up the SpatialOS GDK Starter Template, you need to have followed:

* [Getting started: 1 - Dependencies]({{urlRoot}}/content/get-started/dependencies)
* [Getting started: 2 - Get and build the SpatialOS Unreal Engine Fork]({{urlRoot}}/content/get-started/tutorial).

> If you haven't already, follow our [Multiserver Shooter tutorial]({{urlRoot}}/content/get-started/dependencies) to try out the SpatialOS for Unreal GDK development experience by adding a new feature to a project and testing it across two servers.

Author: Edited in latest commit. Thanks!

If you are ready to start developing your own game with the GDK, follow the steps below. 

### Terms used on this page

> * `<Game>` - The directory that contains your project’s .uproject file and Source folder.

Author: Edited in latest commit. Thanks!
